Typos and formatting suggestions before AMOS 2026 (#1130)
ACCESS-Hive/access-hive.github.io: docs/models/run_a_model/run_access-ram3.md

{{ model }} is an ACCESS-NRI-supported configuration of the [UK Met Office (UKMO)](https://www.metoffice.gov.uk/) Regional Nesting Suite for high-resolution regional atmosphere modelling. A description of the model and its components is available in the [{{ model }} overview]({{ access_models }}/#{{ model }}).

> {{ model }} comprises multiple [suites](https://docs.access-hive.org.au/models/run_a_model/rose_cylc/#about): the [Regional Ancillary Suite (RAS)](#ras) and [OSTIA Ancillary Suite (OAS)](#oas) that generate ancillary files (i.e., input files), and the [Regional Nesting Suite (RNS)](#rns) which runs the regional forecast.

Reviewer: @KAUR1984 
What about this? 

> Also, I would not add that link to suites here.
I understand that people might not know what "suite" refers to, but going to that link doesn't immediately explain it. It goes to the paragraph that begins with Cylc and Rose, and to me it leads to more confusion.

#### Change start date and run length {: #change-run-length }
<div markdown id="run-length-mismatch">
!!! warning
    `INITIAL_CYCLE_POINT` and `FINAL_CYCLE_POINT` define all the [_Cylc_ cycle points](https://cylc.github.io/cylc-doc/7.9.3/html/terminology.html?highlight=cycle%20point#cycle-points) that are set within the experiment run.<br><br>
    The model will always run for a full _cycling frequency_ (1 day) for each _Cylc_ cycle point.<br><br>
    This means, for example, that with `INITIAL_CYCLE_POINT` set to `20220226T0000Z`, and `FINAL_CYCLE_POINT` set to `+P1D` (plus 1 day), 2 _Cylc_ cycle points will be set (`20220226T0000Z` and `20220227T0000Z`). Therefore, the model will run for a total of 2 days!<br><br>
    To avoid running the model for longer than desired, we suggest adding `-PT1S` (minus 1 second) to the relative duration specified in the `FINAL_CYCLE_POINT` such that the model runs for the number of days specified in the relative duration (refer to the example below). The _run length_ is calculated using the `INITIAL_CYCLE_POINT` and `FINAL_CYCLE_POINT` fields.<br><br>

>     Both these fields use [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) date format, with `FINAL_CYCLE_POINT` also accepting relative [ISO 8601 Durations](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601#Durations).<br><br>

Reviewer: If spaces are added for readability, I think it's good to improve readability also for developers.
In that sense I would aways prefer using a blank line rather then `<br><br>`.
```suggestion
    `INITIAL_CYCLE_POINT` and `FINAL_CYCLE_POINT` define all the [_Cylc_ cycle points](https://cylc.github.io/cylc-doc/7.9.3/html/terminology.html?highlight=cycle%20point#cycle-points) that are set within the experiment run.
    
    The model will always run for a full _cycling frequency_ (1 day) for each _Cylc_ cycle point.
    
    This means, for example, that with `INITIAL_CYCLE_POINT` set to `20220226T0000Z`, and `FINAL_CYCLE_POINT` set to `+P1D` (plus 1 day), 2 _Cylc_ cycle points will be set (`20220226T0000Z` and `20220227T0000Z`). Therefore, the model will run for a total of 2 days!
    
    To avoid running the model for longer than desired, we suggest adding `-PT1S` (minus 1 second) to the relative duration specified in the `FINAL_CYCLE_POINT` such that the model runs for the number of days specified in the relative duration (refer to the example below). The _run length_ is calculated using the `INITIAL_CYCLE_POINT` and `FINAL_CYCLE_POINT` fields.
    
    Both these fields use [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) date format, with `FINAL_CYCLE_POINT` also accepting relative [ISO 8601 Durations](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601#Durations).
```
